---
layout: post
title: needs sorting
---

6/09/2017

On the way to work
What is wrong. Am I Absent minded? 
Forgot my shoes today and lucky I realized before it was too late.

- I should be logging the time down.where is the time 
- how about the weather?
- how was the night before?

What do I feel?
Came back from 
Feelings of 
Making a fool of myself is blocking me from doing anything!!! Is this normal? What is the normal? How can we learn to better deal with that feeling?

Embarrased, shame: stuck in a position that i hve dislike for so many years. living with many doubts; is it the job or is it my mind? Can't be the job. Many people don't and are fine
lost: where do I go from here? Personal life and career.
Always feeling unproductive?
Trying to study and cant focus. Woke up 6:30 am and only memorized 5 out of 34 items

Felling like a failure.
Anxiety attacks? Possible sauce Quiz and test.

How do I feel today?

Low energy
Went to bed before 11 and could not get up today by 6 am
Feeling sad, useless, lost, foggy, 


What is ADD? ADHD?
How to check for symtoms?

How to draw the path to a freelance careet?



Safari sundays
Sydney reising
- [ ] 
What is wrong with this buolding and are they willing to sell


Word

Avid
Brain dump
Dull 

Yesterday was a day of embarrasment again and will be somethig that will not go away and very hard to avoid. It just continues to haunt me. Time to take some action. 

Beating myself up again and agin. My creativity feels a bit dull compared to others. I know its not good forme to compare myself, but for the moment I cant help it. It is something I am working on improving. Speaking of improvments, here are a list that i would like to work on

Self-confidence


Starting my day off feelin like I have endless thing to do, but can't seem to pin point what that is. 

So exhausted from all the natural pessimism. 

Obsticles - thoughts that are in my head and getting in the way of me doin anything. 

Preparing for my menu presentation speech - inwould like to improve my improv and speech. For example and something to build off of. 

"Good afternoon / evening. How is everyone? Great. have you dined at Nobu before? "No" welcome to Nobu, we are a japanese restaurant serving traditional japanese cuisine with peruvian influences. A couple    

Nervous - how to handle that?
Making a list of priority


- Calvin and Javier host of NY restaurant-tech group POS [http://www.saborpos.com/](http://www.saborpos.com/)
- [Touchbistro POS](https://www.touchbistro.com/)

Servd / keith

Cesar  - Full stack Developer

goodLinc. It's all good
Adriana from wordcamp freelances here